Hey, Lions! We hope you are having a restful reading week. You are finally halfway through the term, and we are so glad that you are here with us. While you take the week to work on studying, writing and other preparations, it’s important to remember that you still have access to Services & Supports if you need it.

 

Having a week off may feel like everything at school has paused, but there are still folks on campus who are happy to assist you if you need extra support. Explore the resources you can make use of during your time off to stay on top of your studies and return even more confident.

 

Feel like taking some time to meet new friends? Check out the events below to find opportunities to connect with the community and your peers while making lasting connections.
 
If you don’t have time to read This Week @ York, or would like to refer to it again, every edition can be found on the This Week @ York Archive web page. 

Important Dates
Women’s History Month. There are thousands of women who have paved the way for gender equality and fought for women’s right to an education, independence and bodily autonomy. Dedicate some time to educating yourself on the accomplishments of these women throughout Canada’s history and the wider world this Women’s History Month.


Academic Integrity Month. Take part in workshops and activities built to help you enhance your understanding of academic integrity at York. Find out how to navigate an evolving academic landscape and get the chance to participate in an exciting meme making contest. Virtual and in-person events. Events and contest close on Thursday, October 31. Registration required.

 
Campus Sustainability Month
BioBlitz. Explore the thriving flora on campus using the iNaturalist app! Catalogue and geotag plants, animals and insects all around York’s grounds while participating in one of three nature walks. Participate for the chance to win a $50 YU-card prize! Keele and Glendon Campus. Event closes Thursday, October 31.

 

York’s Sustainability Race. This October is Campus Sustainability Month! Take part in York’s Sustainability Race by completing 30 different digital sustainability challenges. Keele, Glendon and Markham Campus. Race ends on Thursday, October 31.

 
Fall Well-being Week
Prioritize your Health and Well-being. Engage in activities during Fall Well-being Week that will help you embrace all dimensions of well-being. Explore free events held both in-person and online by visiting the Well-being web page. Monday, October 21 to Friday, October 25. Various times available.

 
FYI
Experience Grad York – Fall 2024. Discover York’s various graduate programs and diplomas in this four-day event! Find out more about what graduate program is right for you, the application process, fees and how to advance your academic career. Virtual event. Various dates and times available until Friday, October 18. Registration required.

 

Volunteer Opportunity: Fall Open House 2024. Are you interested in welcoming future students to campus and sharing your insights with them? Join us for Fall Open House to take part in making connections and spending the day engaging in exciting activities. Participants will receive an honorarium and piece of York branded clothing as a token of appreciation. Keele Campus. Saturday, November 2, 8 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Registration required.

 
Worth repeating
Pop-up Advising Fair. Stop by to get answers to your questions about OSAP, degree requirements, study permits, career pathways, getting into Law School or Graduate Studies and more by connecting with advising experts. Keele and Glendon Campus. Wednesday, October 23, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Vari Hall and the Glendon Centre of Excellence. Registration not required.

 
Career Support

Positive Psychology & Career Well-being Webinar. Infuse positive psychology techniques into your daily life to make your work-life balance stable. Virtual event. Wednesday, October 16, 2 to 3:30 p.m. Registration required.

 

BMO Interviews 101. Practice your interviewing skills with recruiters and prepare yourself for incoming job offers. Virtual event. Friday, October 18, noon to 1 p.m. Registration required.

 
Learning Skills

How to Make Career Decisions Webinar. Be better informed with your decision making and learn essential practices for moving forward in your employment. Virtual event. Monday, October 21, 10 to 11:30 a.m. Registration required.


Resumé Writing Webinar. Craft an effective resumé and secure your next job by presenting your job experience in a compelling way. Virtual event. Tuesday, October 22, 10 to 11:30 a.m. Registration required.


Cover Letter Writing Webinar. Make your first impression a good one by effectively targeting your cover letter with relevant skills and experiences. Virtual event. Tuesday, October 22, 11:45 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Registration required.


Zotero Introduction: Easier Citations and Research Management. Learn how to manage your research and sources with this open-source tool. Virtual event. Tuesday, October 22, noon to 1 p.m. Registration required.


Academic Integrity: Learn to Stop Worrying About It! What exactly is academic integrity? Explore how to demonstrate integrity principles in all your courses. Virtual event. Tuesday, October 22, 2 to 3:30 p.m. Registration required.


Understanding and Creating Data Visualizations. Create data visualizations for the academic and professional world with tips on how to find data, crafting a visual narrative and more. Virtual event. Tuesday, October 22, 2 to 3:30 p.m. Registration required.
 

 
Mature Student Support
Citations 101 for Mature Students. Accurately cite your sources using several citations styles used at York. Virtual event. Thursday, October 17, 12:30 to 1:30 p.m. Registration required.


Mindfulness & Stress Relief with SCHW.There are a lot of stress busters and relaxation techniques out there, but how do you actively maintain and enhance your mental well-being? Find out how to integrate mindfulness into your daily routine to better manage your stress. Keele Campus. Tuesday, October 22, 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. N110 Bennett Centre for Student Success. Registration required.
 

 
International Student Support 
Coffee Break. Take a break from your studies and relax with coffee and snacks while mingling with fellow international students. Keele Campus. Wednesday, October 16, 1 to 3 p.m. 280N York Lanes. Registration not required.


Virtual UHIP Drop-in Session. Find out all you need to know about the University Health Insurance Plan (UHIP) to be prepared for any medical needs or emergencies. Virtual event. Wednesday, October 16, 2 to 4 p.m. Registration required.


GPP: October Drop-in. A peer mentor can be instrumental for getting integrated into university life. Attend this drop-in session to connect with upper-year international students. Virtual event. Thursday, October 17, 9 to 10 a.m. Registration required.


Immigration Info Session/Workroom: Study Permit Extension + PGWP. Looking to live or work in Canada long term? Extend your stay by way of a study permit or Post-Graduate Work Permit (PGWP). Keele Campus. Friday, October 18, 1 to 2:15 p.m. 242 York Lanes. Registration required.

 
Graduate Student Support
CGS-Master’s and OGS Application Workshop. Find out about the application process for the Canada Graduate Scholarships – Master’s (CGSM), including how to adequately prepare your proposal. Virtual event. Tuesday, October 22, 9:30 to 11:30 a.m. Registration required.


Nihtaawalohkeew: do one’s work correctly. When working with Indigenous peoples for scholarly and research purposes, it is important to accurately represent and cite their words. Decolonize your understanding of intellectual property rights and learn how to work with Indigenous communities for your research. Keele Campus. Tuesday, October 22, 11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. 519 Kaneff Tower. Registration required.
 

 
Health and Wellness 
Mindful Monday. Relax and destress with some simple mindfulness exercises to put yourself at ease. Markham Campus. Monday, October 21, 1 to 2 p.m. Wellness Studio. Registration not required.


Virtual Speed Friending: Fostering Social Well-being. Your social well-being is an important part of your overall mental health. Stretch your social skills and make connections with others during this exciting event. Virtual event. Monday, October 21, 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. Registration required.


The Emotionally Intelligent Leader. Join Black Excellence at York University (BE YU) and learn how to empathize, respect your team and create a safe working environment for a diverse range of people. Virtual event. Tuesday, October 22, noon to 1 p.m. Registration required.


Smoothies On-the-Go. Elevate your breakfast routine with this how-to-session on crafting quick and nutritious smoothies to accommodate your fast paced lifestyle. Markham Campus. Tuesday, October 22, 1 to 2:30 p.m. 1015 Markham Student Life Room. Registration required.


Exploring Black Men’s Mental Health Challenges. Address the mental health challenges Black men face while navigating day to day life in this workshop led Black Excellence at York University (BE YU). Keele Campus. Tuesday, October 22, 2 to 4 p.m. 248 Health, Nursing & Environmental Studies Building. Registration required.


Food Services Teaching Kitchen. Take the first step towards healthy eating and make delicious no-bake energy bites with fair trade ingredients. Glendon Campus. Wednesday, October 23, 2 to 3 p.m. Glendon Dining Hall. Registration required.
 

 
Athletics & Recreation 
Drop-in Recreational Programming, Group Classes & Seminars. Looking to get yourself in gear? Maintain your physical health by attending drop-in recreation programs, seminars and classes offered by Athletics and Recreation. Markham and Keele Campus. Various dates and times available starting Monday, October 21. Registration required.

 
Get Involved 
Global Learning Drop-in Advising. Find out everything there is to know about York’s various study abroad options and start planning your international education. Keele Campus. Wednesday, October 16, 1 to 3:30 p.m. 200 York Lanes. Registration not required.


Neighbourhood Exploration. Have you been wanting to explore Toronto but don’t know where to start? Join this neighbourhood exploration tour to discover the beautiful Yorkville district! Keele Campus & Toronto. Monday, October 21, 1 to 5 p.m. York University Subway Station. Registration required.


Moccasin Identifier: Learn about the Land Through Art Workshop. Uncover the history of the traditional Indigenous land you attend university on through this art workshop about traditional footwear and land-based art. Markham Campus. Monday, October 21, 2:30 to 5 p.m. Indigenous Circle on 2nd Floor. Registration required.


The Filipino Diaspora in Canada: Celebrating Successes and Addressing Persistent Challenges. Join this event celebrating the 75th anniversary of the diplomatic relations between the Philippines and Canada. Learn from a panel of distinguished Filipino Canadians as they share their journeys towards professional leadership across various fields, and what Filipino identity means in the Canadian context. Keele Campus. Monday, October 28, 6:30 to 9:30 p.m. Tribute Communities Recital Hall and CIBC Lobby. Registration required.